Service Use Treaty.

Introduction

The agreement was created based on the electronic transactions system, subject to terms, conditions and succinctness.

1% of the contract value goes to the application management for the sale or purchase process.

As a user, you agree to abide by everything contained in this agreement in the event that you use the site in the case of registering in the application.

 

Terms of use.

Not to copy the advertisement from the application and publish it into other social networks except in the case of purchase or sale.

Not to advertise or download inappropriate content.

You should review the terms of the advertisement and prohibited goods not to infringe on the laws and regulations of the application or any rights.

Not to use any illegal or legitimate means.

Not to manipulate commodity prices in buying or selling and harm others.

Not to publish false or deceptive advertisements, insult or defame a person.

Not to be exposed to international policies, sovereignties, important figures, or discussions related to buying and selling.

Not violating the rights of others.

Do not advertise tobacco and smoke products.

Not violating human rights.

Not to collect information about users of other sites for commercial purposes and damage the reputation of others.

Not to impersonate the application, its employee, or any other characteristic that you are affiliated with the application unless you have official permission from the application administration.


Conditions of registration.

An appropriate and appropriate name must be chosen during registration.

It is prohibited to use more than one account.

You must update your data by modifying the account, mobile number or name.

If the name of the entry contains a trade name or a trademark, you must be the owner of the mark or have delegated to you using the name or the trademark.

It is forbidden to sell or assign the name to a person, and the owner of the first name is considered responsible for any violations or legal responsibilities, and both parties will be considered.


Terms of the undertaking.

Not adding any forbidden response.

Not to announce anything forbidden.

Not to send obscene and forbidden messages.

You undertake to determine the advertised selling price.

You undertake to comply.

You undertake to be the advertiser for the sale by you.

You undertake to have the advertisement in full.

You undertake not to copy any advertisement or publication of others.

You undertake that the advertised image is for the same purpose that it is advertised, or it will be deleted if it is in violation of the advertisement.

The photo of the character undertakes to be morally appropriate as well as the photo of the post.

You undertake not to repeat the advertisement more than once.


Contraindications.

Medicines and medical products prescribed by a doctor or pharmacist, in order not to expose others to danger.

Weapons of all kinds are forbidden to be offered for sale, even if they are licensed for legal issues, and they are not allowed to be offered for sale, as well as detonators.

Sexual products of all kinds and forms are not permitted to be offered for sale.

Lasers, espionage, eavesdropping, jamming devices, and security risk devices.

The advertisement of telecom and internet chips or communication services is not permitted if there is no license to sell them and if it is found to be presented to the administration to verify that.


Banned ads.

Ads not related to buying and selling will be removed.

Sending messages and topics in the advertisement and speaking to non-sales is not valid.

Incomplete advertisements will be deleted.

Poor ad for sale.

Announcement: Members interested in purchasing are not answered, and private messages or contact are not answered

Any advertisement contains racism.

Copy an advertisement to any advertiser.


Blocked responses.

Underestimate the displayed ad wherever it was.

Insulting even If there is a reason. If he insults you, please contact the administration directly and display his name to be removed.

Not being serious about buying or selling.

Commenting on the advertisement is not included in the buying and selling.

Mockery of an advertisement or person.

The advertisement is private and not public. The application is not correct to display your product or regarding you if something is clear.